SWEN222 Group Project - Code Review Phase

Riley Blair - 300371586
Celine Young - 300378246
Leyton Blackler - 300368625
Finn Welsford-Ackroyd - 300379304
Nicholas Jones - 300384025

Level Library:

	We made significant improvements to the level library by adding batteries and bonuses 
	and implemented complex random generation so that no two levels would be identical. We 
	reviewed what variables were to be held in the level library, and what variables would 
	be more appropriate elsewhere. During this time, we also added extra test cases to cover
	the new code that was being written.
	
Physics Library:

	The major update during the code review phase to the physics library was a change to how 
	collisions were implemented. We changed from having a bounding box, to utilising Point2D 
	in order to have a common interface between the level, player and physics that could be 
	visualised in the GUI.
	
GUI Library:
	
	Prior to the code review phase we only had a game canvas with a simple menu and options.
	After reviewing the code and making the necessary changes to it in order for it to 
	correctly interface with the other libraries through a common API. During this phase we 
	developed the objects within the canvas more and added complex animations and the sliding 
	window. The major change here was from the window not sliding to sliding and then sliding 
	smoothly with key presses. 
	
Save/Load Library:

	The save/load library was changed almost entirely during the code review phase as we 
	discovered that using a parser and Java reflection was not going to work as we wanted
	it to. This was due to the fact that the scanner would return a string type and 
	reflection had to be used to assign the value to its field. We ran into a number of 
	incompatible type errors. During the code review phase, we removed the parser and 
	reflective methods and instead utilised an 'savable' API interface that used 
	serialisation.
	
Entity Library:
	
	At the same time as the collisions were changed in the physics library, we updated the entity 
	library to adhere to the new specifications and API for collisions and collision detection. 
	This involved removing the bounding box concept and replacing it with Point2D. While doing this,
	we also looked into how we were going to represent a player within a level. We decided that 
	rather than a player being within the 2D array grid that represents a level, we would have it 
	independent and track its position relative to the start of the level. The appropriated methods 
	were added to achieve this.